<h1 align="center">NLWKN Adapter</h1>
<h3 align="center">nlwkn-rs</h3>
<p align="center">
  <b>🔄 Adapting structured JSON data into various output formats for enhanced data sharing.</b>
</p>
<br>

## Introduction
The `adapter` tool is a versatile addition to the `nlwkn-rs` toolset, designed 
to transform the structured JSON data outputted by the `parser` into different 
data formats. 
This adaptability is crucial for sharing the generated data with various 
stakeholders who may require the data in specific formats. 
Currently, the tool supports transformation into a flat-table CSV format, 
accommodating the need for a single, albeit redundant and sparse, flat table.

## Features
- **Format Transformation**: 
  Converts structured JSON data into a flat-table CSV format, ensuring 
  compatibility with various data processing and analysis tools.

- **Multilingual Support**: 
  Offers options to output data with field names in different languages, 
  enhancing accessibility and understanding.

- **Ordered Columns**: 
  Applies specific ordering rules to the columns, facilitating comparability 
  across multiple outputs.

- **Extensibility**: 
  Designed with the potential for future additions of more output formats.

## Usage

To utilize the adapter, follow the command structure below:

```
NLWKN Water Right File Adapter

Usage: adapter.exe [OPTIONS] <REPORTS_JSON>

Arguments:
  <REPORTS_JSON>  Path to reports JSON file

Options:
  -l, --lang <LANG>       Language for the field names (default: en) [possible values: de, en]
  -f, --format <FORMAT>   Output format (default: csv) [possible values: csv]
  -o, --out <OUT>         Output file path
  -h, --help              Print help
  -V, --version           Print version
```

### Steps to Run
1. Ensure you have the reports JSON file generated by the `parser` tool.

2. Run the adapter tool with the desired options for language, format, and 
   output file path.

3. Access the adapted data in the specified output format at the provided file 
   path.

## Extending Output Formats
While the current version of the `adapter` tool primarily supports CSV output, 
it is built with extensibility in mind. 
Future versions may incorporate additional output formats to meet diverse data 
sharing needs.
